it all began in this little shop damn
roses where strange as it seems
something extraordinary happens afraid
it isn't feeling very well today what
kind of a wave of grunts is that Siebel
with his Shop of Horrors a story about a
boy given you sunlight
looks like you're not happy
plus I open up
you get such a play a girl get out nice
place in the Gonski to yell mistake this
is my date my boyfriend Flores I'm
telling you I'll be he's not a good boy
I could save it all month for this I
think I need a root canal I'm sure I
need a long slow root canal is C MO and
a plan to feed me all night long how am
I supposed to keep on feeding you
yes Rick Moranis adds a total disgrace
to the dental profession Ellen gray
excuse me excuse me what that's better
Vince's gardenia with special guest
appearances by Steve Martin John Candy
and Bill Murray
it's your professionalism that I respect
Little Shop of Horrors
you